docs/api/type-aliases/Character.md, before:

[@ai16z/eliza v0.1.5-alpha.5](../index.md) / Character

# Type Alias: Character

> **Character**: `object`

Configuration for an agent character

## Type declaration

### id?

> `optional` **id**: [`UUID`](UUID.md)

Optional unique identifier

### name

> **name**: `string`

Character name

### username?

> `optional` **username**: `string`

Optional username

### system?

> `optional` **system**: `string`

Optional system prompt

### modelProvider

> **modelProvider**: [`ModelProviderName`](../enumerations/ModelProviderName.md)

Model provider to use

### imageModelProvider?

> `optional` **imageModelProvider**: [`ModelProviderName`](../enumerations/ModelProviderName.md)

Image model provider to use, if different from modelProvider

### modelEndpointOverride?

> `optional` **modelEndpointOverride**: `string`

Optional model endpoint override

### billOfMaterials?

> `optional` **billOfMaterials**: [`BillOfMaterialsLineItem`](BillOfMaterialsLineItem.md)[]

If billOfMaterialsJsonStr has a value when the character is loaded,
 then it will be parsed, then validated, into this field.  This
 optional field contains a list of the materials that comprise a
 character's bill of materials.  If present, it will contain
 an array of BillOfMaterialsLineItem objects.

### resetGoalsOnReceivingControl?

> `optional` **resetGoalsOnReceivingControl**: `boolean`

This field if present and is equal to FALSE,
 will suppress the default behavior of characters
 whereby all of their goals are completely reset
 when the first get control.  If the field is not
 present, or it is TRUE, then the goals will be
 reset when the character first receives control.

### messageTemplate?

> `optional` **messageTemplate**: `string`

Characters can override the default message template by providing
 their own.

### templates?

> `optional` **templates**: `object`

Optional prompt templates

### templates.goalsTemplate?

> `optional` **goalsTemplate**: `string`

### templates.factsTemplate?

> `optional` **factsTemplate**: `string`

### templates.messageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **messageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.shouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **shouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.continueMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **continueMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.evaluationTemplate?

> `optional` **evaluationTemplate**: `string`

### templates.twitterSearchTemplate?

> `optional` **twitterSearchTemplate**: `string`

### templates.twitterPostTemplate?

> `optional` **twitterPostTemplate**: `string`

### templates.twitterMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **twitterMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.twitterShouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **twitterShouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.farcasterPostTemplate?

> `optional` **farcasterPostTemplate**: `string`

### templates.farcasterMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **farcasterMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.farcasterShouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **farcasterShouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.telegramMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **telegramMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.telegramShouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **telegramShouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.discordVoiceHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **discordVoiceHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.discordShouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **discordShouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.discordMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **discordMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### bio

> **bio**: `string` \| `string`[]

Character biography

### lore

> **lore**: `string`[]

Character background lore

### messageExamples

> **messageExamples**: [`MessageExample`](../interfaces/MessageExample.md)[][]

Example messages

### postExamples

> **postExamples**: `string`[]

Example posts

### topics

> **topics**: `string`[]

Known topics

### adjectives

> **adjectives**: `string`[]

Character traits

### knowledge?

> `optional` **knowledge**: `string`[]

Optional knowledge base

### clients

> **clients**: [`Clients`](../enumerations/Clients.md)[]

Supported client platforms

### plugins

> **plugins**: [`Plugin`](Plugin.md)[]

Available plugins

### settings?

> `optional` **settings**: `object`

Optional configuration

### settings.secrets?

> `optional` **secrets**: `object`

#### Index Signature

 \[`key`: `string`\]: `string`

### settings.buttplug?

> `optional` **buttplug**: `boolean`

### settings.voice?

> `optional` **voice**: `object`

### settings.voice.model?

> `optional` **model**: `string`

### settings.voice.url?

> `optional` **url**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs?

> `optional` **elevenlabs**: `object`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.voiceId

> **voiceId**: `string`

New structured ElevenLabs config

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.model?

> `optional` **model**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.stability?

> `optional` **stability**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.similarityBoost?

> `optional` **similarityBoost**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.style?

> `optional` **style**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.useSpeakerBoost?

> `optional` **useSpeakerBoost**: `string`

### settings.model?

> `optional` **model**: `string`

### settings.embeddingModel?

> `optional` **embeddingModel**: `string`

### settings.chains?

> `optional` **chains**: `object`

#### Index Signature

 \[`key`: `string`\]: `any`[]

### settings.chains.evm?

> `optional` **evm**: `any`[]

### settings.chains.solana?

> `optional` **solana**: `any`[]

### clientConfig?

> `optional` **clientConfig**: `object`

Optional client-specific config

### clientConfig.discord?

> `optional` **discord**: `object`

### clientConfig.discord.shouldIgnoreBotMessages?

> `optional` **shouldIgnoreBotMessages**: `boolean`

### clientConfig.discord.shouldIgnoreDirectMessages?

> `optional` **shouldIgnoreDirectMessages**: `boolean`

### clientConfig.telegram?

> `optional` **telegram**: `object`

### clientConfig.telegram.shouldIgnoreBotMessages?

> `optional` **shouldIgnoreBotMessages**: `boolean`

### clientConfig.telegram.shouldIgnoreDirectMessages?

> `optional` **shouldIgnoreDirectMessages**: `boolean`

### style

> **style**: `object`

Writing style guides

### style.all

> **all**: `string`[]

### style.chat

> **chat**: `string`[]

### style.post

> **post**: `string`[]

### twitterProfile?

> `optional` **twitterProfile**: `object`

Optional Twitter profile

### twitterProfile.id

> **id**: `string`

### twitterProfile.username

> **username**: `string`

### twitterProfile.screenName

> **screenName**: `string`

### twitterProfile.bio

> **bio**: `string`

### twitterProfile.nicknames?

> `optional` **nicknames**: `string`[]

## Defined in

[packages/core/src/types.ts:712](https://github.com/roschler/eliza/blob/main/packages/core/src/types.ts#L712)

Commit message:

Moved isRelated function out of the direct client workspace and into Eliza core, because it caused the pilterms plugin to fail with an 'invalid dynamic require of path' module error.

docs/api/type-aliases/Character.md, after:

[@ai16z/eliza v0.1.5-alpha.5](../index.md) / Character

# Type Alias: Character

> **Character**: `object`

Configuration for an agent character

## Type declaration

### id?

> `optional` **id**: [`UUID`](UUID.md)

Optional unique identifier

### name

> **name**: `string`

Character name

### username?

> `optional` **username**: `string`

Optional username

### system?

> `optional` **system**: `string`

Optional system prompt

### modelProvider

> **modelProvider**: [`ModelProviderName`](../enumerations/ModelProviderName.md)

Model provider to use

### imageModelProvider?

> `optional` **imageModelProvider**: [`ModelProviderName`](../enumerations/ModelProviderName.md)

Image model provider to use, if different from modelProvider

### modelEndpointOverride?

> `optional` **modelEndpointOverride**: `string`

Optional model endpoint override

### billOfMaterials?

> `optional` **billOfMaterials**: [`BillOfMaterialsLineItem`](BillOfMaterialsLineItem.md)[]

If billOfMaterialsJsonStr has a value when the character is loaded,
 then it will be parsed, then validated, into this field.  This
 optional field contains a list of the materials that comprise a
 character's bill of materials.  If present, it will contain
 an array of BillOfMaterialsLineItem objects.

### switchToCharacterWhenBomComplete?

> `optional` **switchToCharacterWhenBomComplete**: `string`

If this field has a value,then when the bill-of-materials
 goals is completed, control will be switched to the
 agent/character that has this value in its "name"
 field.

 NOTE: This agent/character must be in collection of
  available agents that were instantiated when the
  client was created!

### switchToCharacterWhenBomSessionCancelled?

> `optional` **switchToCharacterWhenBomSessionCancelled**: `string`

This is the agent/character that will be switched to
 if the user wants to cancel the bill-of-materials
 session.

 NOTE: This agent/character must be in collection of
  available agents that were instantiated when the
  client was created!

### resetGoalsOnReceivingControl?

> `optional` **resetGoalsOnReceivingControl**: `boolean`

This field if present and is equal to FALSE,
 will suppress the default behavior of characters
 whereby all of their goals are completely reset
 when the first get control.  If the field is not
 present, or it is TRUE, then the goals will be
 reset when the character first receives control.

### messageTemplate?

> `optional` **messageTemplate**: `string`

Characters can override the default message template by providing
 their own.

### templates?

> `optional` **templates**: `object`

Optional prompt templates

### templates.goalsTemplate?

> `optional` **goalsTemplate**: `string`

### templates.factsTemplate?

> `optional` **factsTemplate**: `string`

### templates.messageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **messageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.shouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **shouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.continueMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **continueMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.evaluationTemplate?

> `optional` **evaluationTemplate**: `string`

### templates.twitterSearchTemplate?

> `optional` **twitterSearchTemplate**: `string`

### templates.twitterPostTemplate?

> `optional` **twitterPostTemplate**: `string`

### templates.twitterMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **twitterMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.twitterShouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **twitterShouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.farcasterPostTemplate?

> `optional` **farcasterPostTemplate**: `string`

### templates.farcasterMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **farcasterMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.farcasterShouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **farcasterShouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.telegramMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **telegramMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.telegramShouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **telegramShouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.discordVoiceHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **discordVoiceHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### templates.discordShouldRespondTemplate?

> `optional` **discordShouldRespondTemplate**: `string`

### templates.discordMessageHandlerTemplate?

> `optional` **discordMessageHandlerTemplate**: `string`

### bio

> **bio**: `string` \| `string`[]

Character biography

### lore

> **lore**: `string`[]

Character background lore

### messageExamples

> **messageExamples**: [`MessageExample`](../interfaces/MessageExample.md)[][]

Example messages

### postExamples

> **postExamples**: `string`[]

Example posts

### topics

> **topics**: `string`[]

Known topics

### adjectives

> **adjectives**: `string`[]

Character traits

### knowledge?

> `optional` **knowledge**: `string`[]

Optional knowledge base

### clients

> **clients**: [`Clients`](../enumerations/Clients.md)[]

Supported client platforms

### plugins

> **plugins**: [`Plugin`](Plugin.md)[]

Available plugins

### settings?

> `optional` **settings**: `object`

Optional configuration

### settings.secrets?

> `optional` **secrets**: `object`

#### Index Signature

 \[`key`: `string`\]: `string`

### settings.buttplug?

> `optional` **buttplug**: `boolean`

### settings.voice?

> `optional` **voice**: `object`

### settings.voice.model?

> `optional` **model**: `string`

### settings.voice.url?

> `optional` **url**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs?

> `optional` **elevenlabs**: `object`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.voiceId

> **voiceId**: `string`

New structured ElevenLabs config

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.model?

> `optional` **model**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.stability?

> `optional` **stability**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.similarityBoost?

> `optional` **similarityBoost**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.style?

> `optional` **style**: `string`

### settings.voice.elevenlabs.useSpeakerBoost?

> `optional` **useSpeakerBoost**: `string`

### settings.model?

> `optional` **model**: `string`

### settings.embeddingModel?

> `optional` **embeddingModel**: `string`

### settings.chains?

> `optional` **chains**: `object`

#### Index Signature

 \[`key`: `string`\]: `any`[]

### settings.chains.evm?

> `optional` **evm**: `any`[]

### settings.chains.solana?

> `optional` **solana**: `any`[]

### clientConfig?

> `optional` **clientConfig**: `object`

Optional client-specific config

### clientConfig.discord?

> `optional` **discord**: `object`

### clientConfig.discord.shouldIgnoreBotMessages?

> `optional` **shouldIgnoreBotMessages**: `boolean`

### clientConfig.discord.shouldIgnoreDirectMessages?

> `optional` **shouldIgnoreDirectMessages**: `boolean`

### clientConfig.telegram?

> `optional` **telegram**: `object`

### clientConfig.telegram.shouldIgnoreBotMessages?

> `optional` **shouldIgnoreBotMessages**: `boolean`

### clientConfig.telegram.shouldIgnoreDirectMessages?

> `optional` **shouldIgnoreDirectMessages**: `boolean`

### style

> **style**: `object`

Writing style guides

### style.all

> **all**: `string`[]

### style.chat

> **chat**: `string`[]

### style.post

> **post**: `string`[]

### twitterProfile?

> `optional` **twitterProfile**: `object`

Optional Twitter profile

### twitterProfile.id

> **id**: `string`

### twitterProfile.username

> **username**: `string`

### twitterProfile.screenName

> **screenName**: `string`

### twitterProfile.bio

> **bio**: `string`

### twitterProfile.nicknames?

> `optional` **nicknames**: `string`[]

## Defined in

[packages/core/src/types.ts:801](https://github.com/roschler/eliza/blob/main/packages/core/src/types.ts#L801)
